nodejs API to apache lucene Java implementation. 

# Features

 * Node.js API straightforward translated / ported from Java API (trying to respect the original Java packages, types and interfaces as far as I could)
 * lucene Java Api calls binding directly called from node.js thanks to node-java. (no IPC, no process spawn, no server)
 * lucene java easily upgradable and included along the project
 * Requirements: Node.js and java

# Usage

npm install --save node-lucene

```ts
// TODO: API usage example
```

# Status 

**WIP / Planning**

 * still deciding if handcrafting an implementation or autogenerating it using java2js like tool. Right now just a handcrafted respecting original lucene java package structure with folders and TS namespaces and using autogenerated java2js interfaces as reference / copy/paste 

# why?

 * lucene is THE best index / search engine implementation
 * I want to call lucene API directly from my nodejs program without fork(), spawn(), request(), socket, or any IPC. 
 * I want to use original lucene java implementation not a clone/port like lucy and easily upgrade the java lucene implementation at any time. 
 * I want to call lucene java from node.js using analog API as fast a s possible. 
 * I don't want to start a server like solr or elasticsearch. Example: a text editor indexing lots of source code as eclipse IDE does.

# TODO
 * make all extends java.lang.object and this should extends JavaBase - so they all implement toString() etc
 * contribute node-java README: to document standard `promisify: require('util').promisify` so no library is necessary. Also implement it as default promisify impl if exists since its supported from node 8.0.0 (LTS version now so it should be available in most cases) .
 * use https://github.com/joeferner/node-java-maven to manage lucene jars and run in npm prepare script
 * do reflection in java to get method / class signatures and generate TS interfaces and implementations automatically using java2js. We realized this will be very hard task but would be ideal.
 * contribute node-java README: typo : "classes seperate usi"